Updating README with service catalog and other small updates. (#8)
epinio/example-wordpress: README.md

You can install a MySQL database on your cluster or use an external one. One option is using a helm chart like this one: https://bitnami.com/stack/mysql/helm

> Also you may use the ones already available on our catalog services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may use the ones already available on our `service catalog`:
```

Author: thanks. applied

#✔️  Epinio Services:
#|      NAME      |            CREATED             | VERSION |          DESCRIPTION           |
#|----------------|--------------------------------|---------|--------------------------------|
#| postgresql-dev | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 14.2.0  | A PostgreSQL service that can  |
#|                |                                |         | be used during development     |
#| rabbitmq-dev   | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 3.9.17  | A RabbitMQ service that can be |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
#| mysql-dev      | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 8.0.29  | A MySQL service that can be    |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
#| mongodb-dev    | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 6.0.1   | A MongoDB service that can be  |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
#| redis-dev      | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 6.2.7   | A Redis service that can be    |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
```

> More info about our Service Catalog here: https://docs.epinio.io/references/customization/catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about Epinio Service Catalog is available in [the docs](https://docs.epinio.io/references/customization/catalog).
```

Author: thanks. applied

> For this example, we proceed with `mysql-dev`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we'll install the `mysql-dev` service:
```

Author: thanks. applied

#|----------------|--------------------------------|---------|--------------------------------|
#| postgresql-dev | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 14.2.0  | A PostgreSQL service that can  |
#|                |                                |         | be used during development     |
#| rabbitmq-dev   | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 3.9.17  | A RabbitMQ service that can be |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
#| mysql-dev      | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 8.0.29  | A MySQL service that can be    |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
#| mongodb-dev    | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 6.0.1   | A MongoDB service that can be  |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
#| redis-dev      | 2022-09-22 12:45:05 +0200 CEST | 6.2.7   | A Redis service that can be    |
#|                |                                |         | used during development        |
```
More information about Epinio Service Catalog is available in [the docs](https://docs.epinio.io/references/customization/catalog).

> nunix59 minutes ago

Reviewer 2: :sweat_smile:
